---
name: documents/docs.cloud.google.com/policy-intelligence/docs/organization-policy-recommendations-overview
uri: https://docs.cloud.google.com/policy-intelligence/docs/organization-policy-recommendations-overview
title: Overview of organization policy recommendations
description: An overview of organization policy recommendations, which analyze existing organization policy configurations to provide recommendations to improve your security posture.
data_source: docs.cloud.google.com
---

> **Preview — Securing the Policy Troubleshooter API with VPC Service Controls**
> 
> This feature is subject to the "Pre-GA Offerings Terms" in the General Service Terms section of the [Service Specific Terms](https://docs.cloud.google.com/terms/service-terms#1) . Pre-GA features are available "as is" and might have limited support. For more information, see the [launch stage descriptions](https://cloud.google.com/products/#product-launch-stages) .

The Organization Policy Service gives customers centralized and programmatic control to set restrictions on their organization's resources. Each type of restriction is defined as a constraint, and is conceptually similar to a blueprint that defines what behaviors are controlled. Creating and maintaining organization policies can be complicated, as the requirements for security and compliance change over time.

Organization Policy recommender helps you secure your Google Cloud resources without disrupting customer systems. It analyzes existing organization policy configurations and generates recommendations for which organization policies to enforce.

## Overview of organization policy recommendations

Organization policy recommendations are generated by the Organization Policy recommender. The Organization Policy recommender is one of the recommenders that [Recommender](https://docs.cloud.google.com/recommender/docs/overview) offers.

Each organization policy recommendation suggests that you set a particular organization policy to improve the security of your Google Cloud resources. An [organization policy](https://docs.cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/organization-policy/overview) is built from a *constraint* , which is a configuration of restrictions on a Google Cloud service.

The Organization Policy recommender uses *organization policy insights* to identify organization policies that aren't set. Organization policy insights are findings regarding the enforcement status of an organization policy constraint on your resources, and whether your resources are in [*violation*](https://docs.cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/organization-policy/overview#violations) of that organization policy.

A resource is considered in violation of an organization policy if it's in a state that is restricted by that organization policy. For example, the `iam.managed.disableServiceAccountKeyCreation` constraint lets you restrict the creation of service account keys. If a service account key has been created in a project, the Organization Policy Service considers that project to be in violation of that organization policy.

## How insights and recommendations are generated

A [recommendation](https://docs.cloud.google.com/recommender/docs/key-concepts#recommendations) is a suggestion for optimizing your usage of Google Cloud resources. It includes the steps required to take action on the recommendation, and is created using logs and analysis of your resource configurations to address vulnerabilities identified by the insight.

[Insights](https://docs.cloud.google.com/recommender/docs/insights/using-insights) are findings that you can use to proactively focus on important patterns in resource usage, and contain the context needed to create a recommendation.

Organization Policy recommender generates recommendations at the highest possible level in the [resource hierarchy](https://docs.cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/organization-policy/understanding-hierarchy) . For example, if there are no violations of a supported constraint in any projects under a folder, Organization Policy recommender generates the recommendation for that folder, instead of providing recommendations for the projects.

## Supported constraints

Each recommendation is specific to a particular organization policy constraint.

### Service account key creation

By default, users with the appropriate permissions can [create service account keys](https://docs.cloud.google.com/iam/docs/keys-create-delete#creating) . However, service account keys are a security risk if not managed correctly. Using the `iam.managed.disableServiceAccountKeyCreation` organization policy constraint, you can disable the creation of new external service account keys for all service accounts under a project, folder, or organization.

Organization Policy recommender checks the existence of Identity and Access Management (IAM) user-managed service accounts and external keys of these service accounts to evaluate whether they violate the restrictions on service account key creation.

If there are no created service account keys, Organization Policy recommender generates a recommendation to enforce the `iam.managed.disableServiceAccountKeyCreation` constraint and supporting details of the recommendation in the corresponding insights.

Insights related to the `iam.managed.disableServiceAccountKeyCreation` constraint have the subtype `ADD_POLICY_DISABLE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_KEY_CREATION` .

### Service account key upload

Users can [upload the public key](https://docs.cloud.google.com/iam/docs/keys-upload) portion of a user-managed key pair to associate it with a service account. After they upload the public key, they can use the private key from the key pair as a service account key. Using the `iam.managed.disableServiceAccountKeyUpload` organization policy constraint, you can disable the upload of external public keys to service accounts under a project, folder, or organization.

If there are no uploaded service account keys, Organization Policy recommender generates a recommendation to enforce the `iam.managed.disableServiceAccountKeyUpload` constraint and supporting details of the recommendation in the corresponding insights.

Insights for the `iam.managed.disableServiceAccountKeyUpload` have the subtype `ADD_POLICY_DISABLE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_KEY_UPLOAD` .

### Protocol forwarding rules

[Protocol forwarding](https://docs.cloud.google.com/load-balancing/docs/protocol-forwarding) uses a regional forwarding rule to deliver packets of a specific protocol to a single virtual machine (VM) instance. The forwarding rule can have an internal or an external IP address.

Using the `compute.managed.restrictProtocolForwardingCreationForTypes` organization policy constraint, you can restrict the type of protocol forwarding rule objects that a user can create.

If there are no external protocol forwarding rules defined, Organization Policy recommender generates a recommendation to enforce the `compute.managed.restrictProtocolForwardingCreationForTypes` constraint and supporting details of the recommendation in the corresponding insights.

Insights for the `compute.managed.restrictProtocolForwardingCreationForTypes` have the subtype `ADD_POLICY_RESTRICT_PROTOCOL_FORWARDING_CREATION_FOR_TYPES` .

## Priority and severity

Recommendation priority and insight severity help you understand the urgency of a recommendation or insight and prioritize accordingly.

### Organization policy recommendation priority

A recommendation is assigned a priority level based its perceived urgency. Priority levels range from `P1` (highest priority) to `P4` (lowest priority).

All organization policy recommendations have a priority of `P1` .

### Organization policy recommendation severity

Insights are assigned severity levels based their perceived urgency. Severity levels can be `LOW` , `MEDIUM` , `HIGH` , or `CRITICAL` .

All organization policy insights have a severity of `HIGH` .

## How recommendations are applied

The Organization Policy recommender does not apply recommendations automatically. Instead, you must review your recommendations and decide whether to apply or dismiss them. To learn how to review, apply, and dismiss role recommendations, see [Review and apply organization policy recommendations](https://docs.cloud.google.com/policy-intelligence/docs/review-apply-organization-policy-recommendations) .

## Audit logging

When you apply or dismiss a recommendation, the Organization Policy recommender creates a log entry. You can [view them in your Google Cloud audit logs](https://docs.cloud.google.com/recommender/docs/viewing-logs) .

## Pricing

Organization policy recommendations for [managed constraints](https://docs.cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/organization-policy/overview#managed_constraints) are available at no charge.

For more information, see [Billing questions](https://docs.cloud.google.com/policy-intelligence/docs/billing-questions) .

## What's next

  - [Review and apply organization policy recommendations](https://docs.cloud.google.com/policy-intelligence/docs/review-apply-organization-policy-recommendations) .

  - Learn more about [Recommender](https://docs.cloud.google.com/recommender/docs/overview) .

  - Learn more about [managed constraints](https://docs.cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/organization-policy/overview#managed_constraints) in organization policy.
